I want you to understand, as I am sure you do, that I work for the Committee as its Special
Council.
I am in the wise responsible for the policies adopted by the Committee.
I have no vote on the Committee.
Shouldn't the Committee taste a motion or a resolution that precludes my calling any witness?
Then you're bound to know as I know you do know as an attorney, that my hands are tied and that I cannot call that particular
witness.
If no such restriction is placed on me, Mr. Well, I shall continue in my own way as I have in the
facts to present the facts, but please don't cast the button of the onus upon me because as you know and as everyone knows,
I am taking orders from those who employ me.
Mr. Well, I am confident, sir, that your press teach with this Committee and with this country a set, sir, that if I say to you I want Mr.
Well, that the Committee witnesses and ask the word please, he will be called.
Mr. Well, I have a high respect and great affection for our charming friend from Buffalo.
He has read one side of the story, so suppose to be sure that we do not have an expat a presentation that we read from the same record a little of the other side.
And I will tell you Mr. Welles to page 2857 of the printed hearings.
It was in the course of that long onset of cross-examination conducted by the Chairman, Senator Munn, and on that page it begins as public.
He said, you will develop specifically and this is the first to close to the Army Council and Mr. Welles.
You will develop specifically the chargers so that we can put our champions to something specific.
That is what we are trying to find before January 20th and of course this relates to Mr. Karl.
And here with Mr. Adam, Mr. Welles, he said as I have stated he was a participant in the luncheon on November 6th.
I remember no words. He did not seem to disagree with the request which was made.
I do not isolate the instances, but I know that he was at court ticks from time to time.
He did not participate or he said nothing.
And it must be remembered that it was not Mr. Karl who charged himself.
There was no member of the committee who charged him. It was the Army who charged him.
And your principle prosecuting witness in this case Mr. Welles was your consul or Mr. Adam.
We go on. Senator Welles. Before we leave I want to get these phone files on so we can save time.
We have taken out any charge out as far as the automobile is concerned.
Mr. Adam is right. He was as uncomfortable as I was. Senator Welles.
At the luncheon whether he was comfortable or uncomfortable are you charging him with him proper activity?
Mr. Adams, no sir. He was a co-participant with Senator McCarthy in the luncheon of December 10th.
The prime and sole purpose of which was to discuss the New York assignment for Sean.
Senator Welles and what did Karl do on that occasion that was improper? Mr. Adams.
I state so he was a co-participant with Senator McCarthy. Senator Welles.
I understand that. I want to understand what he was co-ing while he was at the luncheon.
You have been relatively specific about Karl. Welles is very specific about McCarthy.
Now let's get specific about Karl. We have to call Karl to defend himself against something.
And we want to find out what it is Mr. Adams.
I am trying to recall sir my opinion of the Karl attitude prior to and subsequent to January 20th.
Senator Welles, this is December 10th. That is prior to January 20th. That is correct.
What did he do on January 10th? Mr. Adams, you mean January 20th? Senator Welles.
December 10th. That you wanted to charge him with as being improper. Mr. Adams.
He was a co-participant in the luncheon. Probably they were enjoying for succulent pork chops along with everybody else.
This senator was the one who was making the request with reference to the New York assignments for Sean.
Senator Welles, I am talking about Karl. What did Karl do with the luncheon? Mr. Adams.
He did not dissociate himself with the senator's position.
Didn't say anything. Maintained a silence. He was quiet. The nature of Frank Karl has a matter of fact.
He did not dissociate himself at the luncheon on November 6th. Senator Welles.
December 10th, we are talking about Mr. Adams. I am speaking of both November 6th and December 10th.
Senator Welles, let's make a December 10th. What did he do on December 10th, other than the fact that he did not say to his chairman?
Don't say that, Mr. Adams. I would state that he was president. He did not dissociate himself. That's amazing, isn't it?
Where are the acts, Mr. Welles? Where is the affirmative testimony? We have been waiting for it.
Now Senator Welles said, all right, he was president. He charged with improperly using means to intimidate the army.
Because he was president at the luncheon instead of nothing, he is rather charged. Or do you say that as far as that luncheon is concerned, there is no complaint on the part of the army.
I think the fact that he was president, the fact that the position of the chairman was being immancated to us and that he was sitting there quietly listening to it made him a cold participant.
So silence and profundity is now the basis of the proof. There has been no proof that I think this committee must exercise its responsibility to any participant in this case.
And if it comes, I do think, now, to remove this cloud from Frank Carl on the basis of what you're prosecuting in your studying with the state that after all the days on the same, there is nothing affirmative.
There are no acts that would impeach Frank Carl and his come to an indicate that he has identified with the charge that he used improper influence in behalf of Dave Sherman.
Surely he mentioned his name, you refer to the trip from the yard who hasn't engaged in polar car conversation with a scotch in his hand when it went all around the circle full hill.
But what there in affirmative act was there's something over there to bring Frank Carl within the orbit of these charges.
And so I say it's the duty of this committee now that the army has presented its case. You said you concluded with your witnesses.
It is a responsibility of the committee now that your complaining witnesses have been heard that we really Frank Carl this cloud and the motion ought to be put and there ought to be a vote.
One more word from the Mr. Welp by the monitored telephone calls a part of your case.
We assume so if we see the evidence of course and there will be one between Mr. Adams well as there anything in the monitored telephone calls that bears on Mr. Carl.
Oh yes. Yes. Well I really make the point is the testimony all in.
I will say this Mr. Welp I think the evidence to date on Mr. Carl is pretty weak. I'm being absolutely fair but I want to be fair to you to serve and inquiring whether you've got your case all in.
And I really make the inquiry Mr. Chairman whether the motion is made before all of the evidence is served.
I think it's pretty important that I ask the Mr. Welp now do you consider the monitored phone calls a part of your case.
Yes. One monitor phone call at least and I am informed by Mr. St. Clair who is dealt more closely with the monitor phone calls than I am possibly more directly involved Mr. Carl.
I wish to say a word to my phone senator Dirkson who's probably I always so much envy.
You don't strike the cemetery as being open to conversion I'm afraid I may not win your vote but I do wish to point out to you that it is possible to cooperate in a plan by me or silence.
If I were to meet you tonight in some dark alley and relieve you of your wallet and have with me that strong style of character St. Clair.
The same Claire would be a participant in the hold up and you know as well as I what the consequences would be.
But it isn't merely that I say is the train ride in which you introduce the Scott that I don't find in the evidence and in which Mr. Carl says however softly Mr. Adams as long as shines the signs isn't satisfactory.
The army is in for trouble as a lawyer sir I say to you you cannot direct a word in the face of that evidence.
I observe a nod from a lawyer who is opinion I respect all the way different with his politics.
Let me say the senator here for the cause of the case Mr. Carl is found free of all fault by you you see the advancing toward him smilingly.
I have sorry genius for losing cases I wish however not to lose until we have a disease.
Mr. Madderick is there with the one who will allow me to come in.
Well Mr. O's yes I don't know about meeting some lover in the dark alley with that strong Tywin cherry trim is just in Claire who come to the rescue.
But that's of course would refer to a criminal perpetration which is certainly not before.
Here our charges in a file that can but embrace no intense no misdemeanor no tell them a here you have charged a member of the committee staff with undo and improper improvements.
I have been waiting for the proof and it has not come and certainly it is within the province of any judge when the truth has not sustained the charge to direct a verdict and that's precisely what is being done here.
The court doesn't have to wait for the end of the proceeding.
He can remove the cloud from a litigant or a participant or even from one charge with criminality when it appears to the court that that should be done and that's precisely what is before us today.
You charge the permanently in your statement that there was improper influence on the part of Mr. Carl you come now and say that by his silence he may have given consent.
I simply do not agree it was your responsibility to make an affirmative case to this committee sitting as a jury and you have utterly failed to do so in my judgment and for that reason I gladly sustain the motion that is before.
One more that is not forget about this department charges against evens and Adams he charged him with blackmail he charged him with the hostage theory and he and one of his memorandum made that incredible
that the judge that Stephen said he would sell the Navy in the Air Force down the river and supply the witnesses that would say to the other two services if they don't let go of the arms that a
lot of the time of the charge of the group of the state of the charge or regimented by call by car and that will stand in this record in tight fighting when most memorandum are in the case and I say I wish to cross the
exam anymore in that charge.
Mr. Chairman first I would like to if I might correct the phrase of the news so often here in a broken play by many of his use by myself a number of times
I think it should be very clear that this is not the army that's involved if they assume little men from the Pentagon mostly not in uniform.
Mr. Chairman when I asked Mr. Frank Clark and with my committee he was then in charge of the subversive group for the FBI over New York.
He was a supervisor of some of their highly trained investigators all of us getting communism, phrases, subversions, memorandum, 100 up to 200 over that and I call that time my
children's car that he would be fairly smeared in the accused of everything on earth that he came out my committee and passed experience me that would be true.
I think it's very important I think Mr. Welch has performed a service to Mr. Clark the American people by having this smear with a jury of five
people. I think Mr. Welch underestimated the intelligence of this jury. They know the plan you issued charges formal charges and writing nothing less for the moment sign by Mr. Welch acquiesced and by the other
millions in the Pentagon you charge Mr. Car with making threats and almost everything in the book. You knew that if we believe those charges it would mean the reputation it would mean the job of Mr. Frank Car.
There's no doubt in your mind about that Mr. Welch. No doubt in the minds of your clients Mr. Adam Mr. Stevens. Now when your case is over when your evidence is all in
the book and you can find nothing against Frank Car. You have no evidence against this except you say an answer to some of Jackson's question maybe the
monitored phone calls might produce something. Now you know the only monitored phone calls with a call is monitored by Mr. Adam after after I refused to exceed to the blackmail attempt.
You know there are self serving you know Mr. Adams testified to those in detail so you know there's nothing new this is a new rules and I say to the chair of the
centers as a judge I have seen I have seen many dishonest attempts by clever little lawyers to smear and distort the facts but in all my record as a judge as
head of this committee I have never in my life. Same and you may undo like Mr. Welch is doing now namely after he admits he has no evidence he still requires to tell 10
million people in the television audience the Mr. Frank Car here with the tremendous record he's got the most outstanding young man I have ever seen with the most
outstanding record. He still says we'll let's keep him in here maybe somehow someplace sometimes we can get the reputation and the job of this man I may say that Mr. Welch Mr. Chairman has I think
a new name to hearing they should be labeled now on if he is directing the case and I emphasize not the army directing the case of these
civilians in the front of gone they should be labeled smearing instead of hearings and again in conclusion Mr. Chairman I sincerely hope that all of us including myself I've been guilty of a number of times we don't
have to do this as the army case because this is not the army case and I know from the calls I get the great number of come back men in the military get awfully sick away
down deep inside when I hear this effort to cover up communist being labeled as an army case.
The chair would like to say this before voting because he one time before listening to the persuasive powers of Mr. Welch and voted with him in a very important decision at which time the chair he pocketed from his Republican
and he felt that Mr. Welch had reported a position of his client which the chair should sustain the interests of fairness and justice he is a good listen to Mr. Welch he finds him a bit less persuasive today and on his failure in government to persuade the chair I think the chair should explain to Mr. Welch
while he is not quite as persuasive with the chair today as formally in the first place the chair devoted the better part of two days to interrogating Secretary Stevens about any specific charge he cared to make against Mr. Car
and that the conclusion in substance secretary Stevens that if I were the jury on the basis of my testimony alone I would equip Mr. Car so he implied Mr. Eddens might have some very destructive and pointed in specific testimony against Mr. Car
so the chair devoted the better part of two days interrogating Mr. Eddens about Mr. Car he went specifically into the four points that you mentioned the train ride the soup balls call the amherst call and the meeting in the Methodist books and that the conclusion of long call up which you did not read today for lack of time
at the conclusion of those long call up which he asked Mr. Adams specifically in each instance whether he considered anything that was done in connection with any of those four contacts to be in the nature of an improper means to influence the art in the direction of granting favors to Mr.
Eddens. He was assigned on any other direction and each time under oath Mr. Adam said no and then he said late as you have said even more politically and he felt however that perhaps on the memorandum issued on March 11th there is something to incriminate Mr. Car
that was not very persuasive when Mr. Adam said it Mr. Walsh now when you said it because I knew and he knew and you know that at the time you prepared your carefully drawn
set a specification to which you signed your name to which it was testified you prepared them after consultation with the records in the principles not one single mention was made of the memorandum and which you now propose to indict Frank Car.
Nor can I be as much persuaded as I might be about this new suggestion that perhaps you now have found something which will indict Frank Car.
Perhaps there is something in a monitored phone telephone telephone call between Mr. Eddens who testified he found nothing up until March 11th which would indict Mr. Car.
In the face of the testimony of Mr. Adam that he found nothing before March 11th with which he could quarrel seriously concerning the proper time the record of Mr. Car.
I'm not too much persuaded by your expression of the hope that these calls when they are entered will disclose that the fact but for your service Mr. Walsh may I say this you're not before a judicial tribunal you're before a committee of the
sentence any action that the Senate takes is reversible if we make an error in voting now to dismiss Mr. Car as the witness and Mr. Hempsel as a witness if it develops that you can in fact elicit from the
friends of Frank Car statements with which to indict him you could not produce by consultation with those who propose to be against it then of course we can we
have a position on the basis of such a and the basis of the full story as hold up to now and you're complete failure to specify a single direct charge against Mr. Car of improper behavior the chair feels that in common justice he should go at this time with the conclusion of your case certainly to dismiss him as a witness and to dismiss the charge subject to reversal if in fact there's I suggest you should
exceeding getting from his friends who are about to be the witness evidence against him you could not produce by putting your own people on the stand and may I suggest finally that I think it's very important that when we have a man of the importance of Mr. Hempsel who's needed in the defense established for whom Mr. Hempsel for whom there has been no charge
of attention on whom the committee has already ruled up the basic and most serious charges cannot be considered because you're beyond the purview of this
country mercy dealing with incidents from 10 years ago the chair does not be proposed to be goaded into extending these hearings and prolonging them and bringing
you additional witnesses when those presenting the charges against Mr. Hempsel are perfectly willing to see them adjudicated in this way both of those statements are made to you Mr. Welch in the hopes that they may give you some
coverage by virtue of the fact that senatorial bodies do sometimes you've written those perhaps more frequently than judicial tributes.
Mr. Pock. Mr. Trevina. I'm convinced that the army's case was very well presented by Secretary of Army Stevens and the council John Adams.
I think the other collateral witnesses added little to the testimony that the Army presented. All the main charges end
during the interrogation of the witnesses that you have presented. I concur and I think the concerns has also been expressed by
least one member on the other side of the aisle. Some of Jackson the five. The call a newspaper. Over the weekend. That best the case in this against the car is exceedingly exceedingly weak.
That being the case the army has more or less presented its case against the three principles Sunday McCarty Mr. Cohen and Mr.
Carl. It seemed it was seemed to me that Mr. Carl has a witness that had lived on less on less Sunday McCarty or Mr.
Cole brought him to testimony the memorandum with which you mentioned. If he fails if they fail to bring you to evidence and
testify on the memorandums for Mr. Cole for Mr. Car. Then I would say that Mr. Car as a principal witness.
The isn't fucking certainly is not great. However, yes, Mr. is Sunday McCarty or Mr.
Cole and of course the like that. The only memorandums for Mr. Car. Then I would say that you would have a perfect life.
And the committee will be bound to offer Mr. Car as a witness. That respect. But until that is done, I would say that his position will be the same as Mr.
Hinsley. Mr. Hinsley. The charges against Mr. Hinsley. I'm not. We will not be brought in. Now that they were brought in, I'm certain that Mr.
Hinsley would want to be a witness. But if there are not a part of the testimony, as the
ability of the person to make the charges to offer into evidence, what they fail to offer into evidence,
irrespective of public statements that have been made are not to be considered in this and in part of this
carnival. So I would at this point, I would say that both Mr. Hinsley, when the charges made again
to him have not been not suspended by proof in this area. And when the charges against Mr.
Car at this time are not suspended by proof, I think both members should be excused as persons with this one
provides the power. That in case that during the course of testimony is in the McCarty and Mr.
Cole. The memorandums for Mr. Car are used as part of their testimony. Then I would say that Mr.
Car than would be submitted as a witness as a flutter of witness. And he ever sent it
aside before. I want to say one thing, Mr. Jam, and I don't want Mr. Wells to get in the
post. There will be any reversal. This is going to be final. And he's going to be eliminated.
But I want to say I agree with you. You say you don't agree with my politics. I should
agree with you. But I want to say I agree with you as to the merits of the case. I do not
mean that I would vote to sustain it after all the other denses in. But as a lawyer, I believe I know
taking into account the memorandum that the denatured publicly, certainly he's still a top
of part of this proceedings and the law of testimony is in. I agree with you. I suggested
that first thing I said with respect to this motion, that promotion, the two issues in the
motion should be severed. It should be all conceptedly and I made that request. But it will
think it'll make any difference. The length of vote will be just the same in a way. So maybe
there's a short note. But I want to say that I have never before seen a case dismissed
where the accusing party was in court and refusing to withdraw the charges where the charges
actually made a case if it's sustained by evidence. And you're not gentlemen. You are not
you're not deceiving the American people. This great theory that you've heard of is what's in
these proceedings. They are serious, vulnerable charges being made to get smithed the Hensel.
And you have the accusers right there in the room.
Currently, tacitly consenting for the dismissal of those charges.
Then if they ought to be dismissed, they ought to be dismissed by those who made the charges
stuffing up here and publicly what's going on.
Having led the year, Mr. Welch, you would kind enough be the year of the May.
If you want to know, Senator.
If I can tell you, then I will proceed. I'd like to ask with the chairman, consider a question
of further gold. Because if not, I'd like to ask the question. I don't object to being
good. Go ahead, whether it's a go to not. Well, maybe it's a sheep. I don't want to get your
gold. In any case, I'd like to ask this question. Do you intend to vote to call Mr.
Carge of witness? Not in less than evidence. It's made against him.
There is some evidence against him. Then I say I can reverse my position.
What's your real, really, doing it? And it's mercenely.
I'm asking to vote to call all the Americans in due assembly before this committee,
which retimes you expedite hearings on. Unless there's some evidence to do against it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I want to be sure I understand your position.
Mr. Carge accused the army of trying to blackmail him.
He states, I'm convinced they will keep right on trying to blackmail us as long as
shine is in the army. You, this is a memorandum of peace.